introduce test coverage reporting, update devel with Gloo Gateway references (#9646)
solo-io/gloo: devel/README.md

# Developing Gloo Gateway

Find tools and information to help you develop the Gloo Gateway project.

> * `architecture`: Descriptions about how various modules are built.

Reviewer: This implies to me how the code is compiled. Maybe something like 
```suggestion
* `architecture`: Descriptions about high-level design and implementation details of various packages and features.
```

* `contributing`: Information to help you contribute to the project, such as how to open issues, review pull requests, generate code, and backport fixes.
* `debugging`: Troubleshooting steps for debugging frequent issues.
* `testing`: Descriptions on how the tests work and how to use them.
* `tools`: A set of scripts and tools that are intended to help you develop the Gloo Gateway project's codebase. Learn more about these tools in the short descriptions later in this readme.

Other resources:
* [Developer guide](https://docs.solo.io/gloo-edge/latest/guides/dev/) to set up your development environment and learn more about extending the functionality of the Gloo Gateway project and related plug-ins. While written for external contributors, internal Solo developers might also find this guide helpful when onboarding.

> * [Product documentation](https://docs.solo.io/gloo-edge/latest/) with guides for end users to use Gloo Gateway as a product

Reviewer 2: should this point to edge? or Gloo Gateway? I think we are pushing people towards GG

Author: Good point, i had assumed that we'd have a centralized place for the docs. I was mainly trying to update the terminology of the product. If the gg docs are separated between edge apis/functionality and gg(kube gateway) apis/functionality, perhaps we reference both?

Reviewer 2: we will handle that in a separate PR
